First commit. Add explanation and examples to isEmpty.md (#1622)
Codecademy/docs: content/java/concepts/strings/terms/isEmpty/isEmpty.md

---
Title: '.isEmpty()'
Description: 'Returns true if a string has no content, otherwise false.'
Subjects:
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
  - 'Strings'
  - 'Methods'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-java'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

The **`.isEmpty()`** method returns `true` if a string has no content. It returns `false` if the string has content.

## Syntax

```java
string.isEmpty();
```

- `string`: The string to be checked for content.

## Example 1

The example below applies the `.isEmpty()` method to the strings `drink` and `food`:

````java
// isStringEmpty.java
class isStringEmpty {
  public static void main(String[] args) {
    String drink = "lemonade";
    String food = "";

    System.out.println(drink.isEmpty());
    System.out.println(food.isEmpty());
  }
}

This will print the following output:

```shell
false
true
````

> This will print the following output:

Reviewer: You have the output listed twice. Please delete the duplicate.

---
Title: '.isEmpty()'

> Description: 'Returns true if a string has no content. Returns false if the string has content.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Description: 'Returns true if a string has no content, otherwise false.
```

Subjects:
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
  - 'Strings'
  - 'Methods'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-java'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

> Returns `true` if a string has no content. Returns `false` if the string has content.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The **`.isEmpty()`** method returns `true` if a string has no content. It returns `false` if the string has content.
```

## Syntax

```java
string.isEmpty();
```

> - `string` The String to be checked for content.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `string`: The string to be checked for content.
```

## Example 1

> Call the `.isEmptyMethod()` method on the `drink` String and the `food` String:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The example below applies the `.isEmpty()` method to the strings `drink` and `food`:
```

> ```java

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```java
// isStringEmpty.java
```

class isStringEmpty {
  public static void main(String[] args) {
    String drink = "lemonade";
    String food = "";

    System.out.println(drink.isEmpty());
    System.out.println(food.isEmpty());

>     // Output: false
>     // Output: true

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```

  }
}
```

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

This will print the following output:

```shell
false 
true
```

## Example 2

Call the `.isEmptyMethod()` method on the `clothes` String and the `hat` String and save to boolean variables:

```java
class isStringEmpty {
  public static void main(String[] args) {
    String clothes = "jacket";
    String hat = "";

    boolean clothesIsEmpty = clothes.isEmpty();
    boolean hatIsEmpty = hat.isEmpty();
    
    System.out.println(clothesIsEmpty);
    System.out.println(hatIsEmpty);
    // Output: false
    // Output: true
  }
}

> ```

Reviewer 2: Delete the second example. This is a pretty basic method and the second example isn't demonstrating some additional functionality through use of different parameters, etc.
